I felt the lab was ok but there was alot of things that wasn't documented that I had to figure out on my own with limited resources to turn to. I am also not used to having this many tabs open in the terminal so sometimes it was very confusing on which one to update or to write commands in. That may just be a matter of habit though.

The first step of the lab (1. Getting the temperature, step-by-step dialogue) was ok and was well-explained. I appriciated that examples and tips were given for this part since we've never worked with this before.
For the second step (2. Getting the weather) I ran into some issues and turned mostly to the TDM documentation to understand how to solve this. I thought the documentation was quite sparse and more could be explained on how the different files are related to each other. Even if I could figure out how to do the <alt question> in the domain.xml it was hard to figure out if or what to change in the other files. Third step was ok I think, I found the documentation for the "bind" and played around in the different files until I found what worked. 

I ended up deleting "--should-greet" from the command "tdm build && tdm serve eng --should-greet --log-to-stdout --log-level INFO" because I couldn't make it work when using a system greeting, which was unfortunate because I thought it was a nice feature.

Step 4 and 5 was also ok but I did run into some errors that I wasn't able to solve. For example the expectation is to get "S> The temperature is * degrees" but instead it answers "S> The current weather is 14.92". So in the end it works with getting the current weather but not the temperature. I also get this error in the console: 
"Access to fetch at 'http://localhost:9090/interact' from origin 'https://emeaal.github.io' has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource. If an opaque response serves your needs, set the request's mode to 'no-cors' to fetch the resource with CORS disabled."
I remember we got it in the Dialogue Systems 1 course too but then we solved it by adding '*' to some "rasa run" part in a file but I didn't find anywhere to put it. As suggested by the error I added "no-cors" to the requests mode in the requirements.txt but this didn't seem to make any difference. 

Another issue I had with step 5 was that there were two folders with rasa nlu in the names, one named "rasa-nlu" and the other named "rasa_nlu". In the instruction in the file "ds2-training-syncing-and-testing.md" in many places it says we're supposed to use the "rasa-nlu" folder which I followed but it didn't work. I tried doing the same things with the rasa_nlu folder and there it worked.

I also missed that the repo was updated when I was working on the lab so I didn't have the newer index.html file. So when reaching step 5 of the lab my github.io page was only blank and not working at all. At first I didn't understand what to solve. Then I saw that the index.html files were different. I ended up copying the content of that index.html file and added it to mine. This worked out fine but took a while to understand why it didn't work at first.

All in all for this lab I would like to have some more documentation or examples on how to work with TDM because I had a hard time understanding how the files are related to each other and wasn't always sure on which file to make changes in if I added something to one file. 